Second master, you and second sister
Hu Peilu Ye
You have an accident in the ballroom and two boys are going to set fire to it
Please come over once.
Just the two of them.
Just these two
Just fuck
These two little bastards are going to burn down your karaoke hall?
Ordinary gangsters don't say so much
Who sent you?
What about the culture of fucking camping?
It's Shi Tianfeng
How did you know it was him?
Last time we met, he said I grabbed his place
It seems unfair
Now it's time to seek revenge on me
Master Liu, what should we do?
You don't have to talk to them.
I'll deal with him when I'm done.
He can solve it tomorrow.
In May, these two people disposed of it clean.